[Music]
[Music] in the 12th year of Ahaz king of judah
in the 12th year of Ahaz king of judah
in the 12th year of Ahaz king of judah ho shear the son of Ella's became king
ho shear the son of Ella's became king
ho shear the son of Ella's became king of Israel in Samaria and he reigned nine
of Israel in Samaria and he reigned nine
of Israel in Samaria and he reigned nine years and he did evil in the sight of
years and he did evil in the sight of
years and he did evil in the sight of the Lord but not as the kings of Israel
the Lord but not as the kings of Israel
the Lord but not as the kings of Israel who were before him shall Manisa king of
who were before him shall Manisa king of
who were before him shall Manisa king of Assyria came up against him and ho she
Assyria came up against him and ho she
Assyria came up against him and ho she became his vassal and paid him tribute
became his vassal and paid him tribute
became his vassal and paid him tribute money and the king of Assyria uncovered
money and the king of Assyria uncovered
money and the king of Assyria uncovered a conspiracy by who she for he had sent
a conspiracy by who she for he had sent
a conspiracy by who she for he had sent messengers to sow king of Egypt and
messengers to sow king of Egypt and
messengers to sow king of Egypt and brought no tribute to the king of
brought no tribute to the king of
brought no tribute to the king of Assyria as he had done year by year
Assyria as he had done year by year
Assyria as he had done year by year therefore the king of Assyria shut him
therefore the king of Assyria shut him
therefore the king of Assyria shut him up and bound him in prison now the king
up and bound him in prison now the king
up and bound him in prison now the king of Assyria went throughout all the land
of Assyria went throughout all the land
of Assyria went throughout all the land and went up to Samaria and besieged it
and went up to Samaria and besieged it
and went up to Samaria and besieged it for three years in the ninth year of who
for three years in the ninth year of who
for three years in the ninth year of who Shir a king of Assyria took Samaria and
Shir a king of Assyria took Samaria and
Shir a king of Assyria took Samaria and carried Israel away to Assyria and
carried Israel away to Assyria and
carried Israel away to Assyria and placed them inhaler and by the hey bore
placed them inhaler and by the hey bore
placed them inhaler and by the hey bore the river of Goshen and in the cities of
the river of Goshen and in the cities of
the river of Goshen and in the cities of the Medes well so it was that the
the Medes well so it was that the
the Medes well so it was that the children of Israel had sinned against
children of Israel had sinned against
children of Israel had sinned against the law of their God who had brought
the law of their God who had brought
the law of their God who had brought them up out of the land of Egypt from
them up out of the land of Egypt from
them up out of the land of Egypt from under the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt
under the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt
under the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt and they had feared other gods and had
and they had feared other gods and had
and they had feared other gods and had walked in the statutes of the nations
walked in the statutes of the nations
walked in the statutes of the nations whom the Lord had cast out from before
whom the Lord had cast out from before
whom the Lord had cast out from before the children of Israel and of the kings
the children of Israel and of the kings
the children of Israel and of the kings of Israel which they had made also the
of Israel which they had made also the
of Israel which they had made also the children of Israel secretly did against
children of Israel secretly did against
children of Israel secretly did against the law of their God things that were
the law of their God things that were
the law of their God things that were not right
not right
not right and they built for themselves high
and they built for themselves high
and they built for themselves high places in all their cities from
places in all their cities from
places in all their cities from Watchtower to fortified city they set up
Watchtower to fortified city they set up
Watchtower to fortified city they set up for themselves sacred pillars and wooden
for themselves sacred pillars and wooden
for themselves sacred pillars and wooden images on every high heels and under
images on every high heels and under
images on every high heels and under every green tree there they burned
every green tree there they burned
every green tree there they burned incense on all the high places like the
incense on all the high places like the
incense on all the high places like the nation's whom the Lord had carried away
nation's whom the Lord had carried away
nation's whom the Lord had carried away before them and they did wicked things
before them and they did wicked things
before them and they did wicked things to provoke the Lord to anger for they
to provoke the Lord to anger for they
to provoke the Lord to anger for they served idols of which the Lord had said
served idols of which the Lord had said
served idols of which the Lord had said to them you shall not do this thing yet
to them you shall not do this thing yet
to them you shall not do this thing yet the Lord testified against Israel and
the Lord testified against Israel and
the Lord testified against Israel and against Judah by all of his profits
against Judah by all of his profits
against Judah by all of his profits every sear turn from your evil ways and
every sear turn from your evil ways and
every sear turn from your evil ways and keep my Commandments and my statutes
keep my Commandments and my statutes
keep my Commandments and my statutes according to all the law which I
according to all the law which I
according to all the law which I commanded your fathers and which I sent
commanded your fathers and which I sent
commanded your fathers and which I sent to you by my servants the prophets
nevertheless they would not hear but
nevertheless they would not hear but stiffened their necks like the necks of
stiffened their necks like the necks of
stiffened their necks like the necks of their fathers who did not believe in the
their fathers who did not believe in the
their fathers who did not believe in the Lord their God and they rejected his
Lord their God and they rejected his
Lord their God and they rejected his statutes and his covenant that he had
statutes and his covenant that he had
statutes and his covenant that he had made with their fathers and his
made with their fathers and his
made with their fathers and his testimonies which he had testified
testimonies which he had testified
testimonies which he had testified against them they followed idols became
against them they followed idols became
against them they followed idols became idolaters and went after the nation's
idolaters and went after the nation's
idolaters and went after the nation's who were all around them concerning whom
who were all around them concerning whom
who were all around them concerning whom the Lord had charged them that they
the Lord had charged them that they
the Lord had charged them that they should not do like them
should not do like them
should not do like them so they left all the commandments of the
so they left all the commandments of the
so they left all the commandments of the Lord their God made for themselves a
Lord their God made for themselves a
Lord their God made for themselves a molded image and two cards made a wooden
molded image and two cards made a wooden
molded image and two cards made a wooden image and worshiped all the hosts of
image and worshiped all the hosts of
image and worshiped all the hosts of heaven and served bail and they caused
heaven and served bail and they caused
heaven and served bail and they caused their sons and daughters to pass through
their sons and daughters to pass through
their sons and daughters to pass through the fire practiced witchcraft and
the fire practiced witchcraft and
the fire practiced witchcraft and soothsaying and sold themselves to do
soothsaying and sold themselves to do
soothsaying and sold themselves to do evil in the sight of the Lord to provoke
evil in the sight of the Lord to provoke
evil in the sight of the Lord to provoke him to anger therefore the Lord was very
him to anger therefore the Lord was very
him to anger therefore the Lord was very angry with Israel and removed them from
angry with Israel and removed them from
angry with Israel and removed them from his sight there was none left
his sight there was none left
his sight there was none left but the tribe of Judah alone also Judah
but the tribe of Judah alone also Judah
but the tribe of Judah alone also Judah did not keep the commandments of the
did not keep the commandments of the
did not keep the commandments of the Lord their God but walked in the
Lord their God but walked in the
Lord their God but walked in the statutes of Israel which they made and
statutes of Israel which they made and
statutes of Israel which they made and the Lord rejected all the descendants of
the Lord rejected all the descendants of
the Lord rejected all the descendants of Israel afflicted them and delivered them
Israel afflicted them and delivered them
Israel afflicted them and delivered them into the hand of plunderers until he had
into the hand of plunderers until he had
into the hand of plunderers until he had cast them from his sight for he tore
cast them from his sight for he tore
cast them from his sight for he tore Israel from the house of David and they
Israel from the house of David and they
Israel from the house of David and they made Jeroboam the son of Nebat King then
made Jeroboam the son of Nebat King then
made Jeroboam the son of Nebat King then Jeroboam drove Israel from following the
Jeroboam drove Israel from following the
Jeroboam drove Israel from following the Lord and made them commit a great sin
Lord and made them commit a great sin
Lord and made them commit a great sin for the children of Israel walked in all
for the children of Israel walked in all
for the children of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam which he did they
the sins of Jeroboam which he did they
the sins of Jeroboam which he did they did not depart from them until the Lord
did not depart from them until the Lord
did not depart from them until the Lord removed Israel out of his sight as he
removed Israel out of his sight as he
removed Israel out of his sight as he had said by all his servants the
had said by all his servants the
had said by all his servants the prophets so Israel was carried away from
prophets so Israel was carried away from
prophets so Israel was carried away from their own land to a Syrian
their own land to a Syrian
their own land to a Syrian as it is to this day then the king of
as it is to this day then the king of
as it is to this day then the king of Assyria brought people from Babylon q
Assyria brought people from Babylon q
Assyria brought people from Babylon q thir Ava
thir Ava
thir Ava Amos and from 7 a.m. and placed them in
Amos and from 7 a.m. and placed them in
Amos and from 7 a.m. and placed them in the cities of Samaria instead of the
the cities of Samaria instead of the
the cities of Samaria instead of the children of Israel and they took
children of Israel and they took
children of Israel and they took possession of Samaria and dwelt in its
possession of Samaria and dwelt in its
possession of Samaria and dwelt in its cities and it was so at the beginning of
cities and it was so at the beginning of
cities and it was so at the beginning of their dwelling there that they did not
their dwelling there that they did not
their dwelling there that they did not fear the Lord therefore the Lord sent
fear the Lord therefore the Lord sent
fear the Lord therefore the Lord sent Lions among them which killed some of
Lions among them which killed some of
Lions among them which killed some of them so they spoke to the king of
them so they spoke to the king of
them so they spoke to the king of Assyria the nations whom you have
Assyria the nations whom you have
Assyria the nations whom you have removed and placed in the cities of
removed and placed in the cities of
removed and placed in the cities of Samaria do not know the rituals of the
Samaria do not know the rituals of the
Samaria do not know the rituals of the God of the land therefore he has sent
God of the land therefore he has sent
God of the land therefore he has sent Lions among them and indeed they are
Lions among them and indeed they are
Lions among them and indeed they are killing them because they do not know
killing them because they do not know
killing them because they do not know the rituals of the God of the land then
the rituals of the God of the land then
the rituals of the God of the land then the king of Assyria commanded send there
the king of Assyria commanded send there
the king of Assyria commanded send there one of the priests whom you brought from
one of the priests whom you brought from
one of the priests whom you brought from there let him go and dwell there and let
there let him go and dwell there and let
there let him go and dwell there and let him teach them the rituals of the God of
him teach them the rituals of the God of
him teach them the rituals of the God of the land then one of the priests whom
the land then one of the priests whom
the land then one of the priests whom they had carried away from Samaria came
they had carried away from Samaria came
they had carried away from Samaria came and dwelt in Bethel and taught them how
and dwelt in Bethel and taught them how
and dwelt in Bethel and taught them how they should fear the Lord however every
they should fear the Lord however every
they should fear the Lord however every nation continue to make gods of itself
nation continue to make gods of itself
nation continue to make gods of itself and put them in the shrines on the high
and put them in the shrines on the high
and put them in the shrines on the high places which the Samaritans had made
places which the Samaritans had made
places which the Samaritans had made every nation in the cities where they
every nation in the cities where they
every nation in the cities where they dwelt the men of Babylon made sakkath
dwelt the men of Babylon made sakkath
dwelt the men of Babylon made sakkath beneth the men of calf made Nergal the
beneth the men of calf made Nergal the
beneth the men of calf made Nergal the men of hamath made Hashanah and the
men of hamath made Hashanah and the
men of hamath made Hashanah and the Evite's made niphas and Tariq and Assefa
Evite's made niphas and Tariq and Assefa
Evite's made niphas and Tariq and Assefa veidt's burn their children in fire to a
veidt's burn their children in fire to a
veidt's burn their children in fire to a drama league and enameling the gods of
drama league and enameling the gods of
drama league and enameling the gods of sefar they
so they feared the Lord and from every
so they feared the Lord and from every class they appointed for themselves
class they appointed for themselves
class they appointed for themselves priests of the high places who
priests of the high places who
priests of the high places who sacrificed for them in the shrines of
sacrificed for them in the shrines of
sacrificed for them in the shrines of the high places they feared the Lord yet
the high places they feared the Lord yet
the high places they feared the Lord yet served their own gods
served their own gods
served their own gods according to the rituals of the nations
according to the rituals of the nations
according to the rituals of the nations from among whom they were carried away
from among whom they were carried away
from among whom they were carried away to this day they continued practicing
to this day they continued practicing
to this day they continued practicing the former rituals they do not fear the
the former rituals they do not fear the
the former rituals they do not fear the Lord
Lord
Lord nor do they follow their statutes or
nor do they follow their statutes or
nor do they follow their statutes or their ordinances or the law and
their ordinances or the law and
their ordinances or the law and commandment which the Lord had commanded
commandment which the Lord had commanded
commandment which the Lord had commanded the children of Jacob whom he named
the children of Jacob whom he named
the children of Jacob whom he named Israel with whom the Lord had made a
Israel with whom the Lord had made a
Israel with whom the Lord had made a covenant and charged them you shall not
covenant and charged them you shall not
covenant and charged them you shall not fear other gods nor bow down to them nor
fear other gods nor bow down to them nor
fear other gods nor bow down to them nor serve them nor sacrifice to them but the
serve them nor sacrifice to them but the
serve them nor sacrifice to them but the Lord who brought you up from the land of
Lord who brought you up from the land of
Lord who brought you up from the land of Egypt with great power and an
Egypt with great power and an
Egypt with great power and an outstretched arm him you shall fear him
outstretched arm him you shall fear him
outstretched arm him you shall fear him you shall worship and to him you shall
you shall worship and to him you shall
you shall worship and to him you shall offer sacrifice and the statutes the
offer sacrifice and the statutes the
offer sacrifice and the statutes the ordinances the law and the commandment
ordinances the law and the commandment
ordinances the law and the commandment which he wrote for you you shall be
which he wrote for you you shall be
which he wrote for you you shall be careful to observe forever you shall not
careful to observe forever you shall not
careful to observe forever you shall not fear other
fear other
fear other and the Covenant that I have made with
and the Covenant that I have made with
and the Covenant that I have made with you you shall not forget nor shall you
you you shall not forget nor shall you
you you shall not forget nor shall you fear other gods but the Lord your God
fear other gods but the Lord your God
fear other gods but the Lord your God you shall fear and he will deliver you
you shall fear and he will deliver you
you shall fear and he will deliver you from the hand of all your enemies
however they did not obey but they
however they did not obey but they followed their former rituals so these
followed their former rituals so these
followed their former rituals so these nations fear the Lord yet served their
nations fear the Lord yet served their
nations fear the Lord yet served their carved images also their children and
carved images also their children and
carved images also their children and their children's children have continued
their children's children have continued
their children's children have continued doing as their fathers did even to this
doing as their fathers did even to this
doing as their fathers did even to this day